When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When colaborating with others, working from a different computer, or just need some practice

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It helps to cut down on the amount of pushes and pulls needed, especially when you are working on something that you later decide not to keep.  Also, alot of times you don't want something public until it works, which might be a few more commits down the road.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    forks are copies of repositories, the same as clones except it has a connection via github with the original, and branches are commits aren't or haven't been introduced back into the master line for any number of reasons.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It helps when you know you might be offline for a while and you wanna have it stored for the road, or maybe you want an update on the job when your still working on it.  I could help you see the directions others are going as well and may eliminate extra work down the road

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You could use a lot of different ways, they just might not be as efficient and may require a lot more communication.  For instance, when making a change using git and github, you are given the location of the actual changes and although you could do this by tracking the lines you change in lets say a text document and sending it with your changes in an email, it creates more work, consumes more time, and introduces the opportunity for more human error.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    I would use it for big changes or bug fixes that might take both time and lots of code to fix.  If you try to do it on master, especially in a collaborative enviornment, you may get others confused and unable to complete their task with so many updates to the master.
