What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It first makes a repository but doesn't commit anything initially so that you can add notes when you do want to commit something.  It is also beneficial so that you can control what files are put in the same repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory has all files listed and you can traverse and save all as you please.  The repository can create sub categories so that if a particular change only affects a portion of the files in your directory you don't have to commit all the files at once.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Using git diff --staged, you can see all the differences between your last commit and the staged one.  This can then allow you to see or remember what you have done since your last commit to see if it makes logical sense.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	When developing web pages you may want seperate branches for editing pages for different size screens, different operating systems, and for different languages.  Also your page may be different depending on user input for difficulty or preferences.
	
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It help to get things clear, the whole detached head thing was a little different verbage than I would have used so it helped to see it.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	
	The results of merging branches is a new file that contains updates from seperate workflows.  This eliminates having to manualy go through code to decipher where to introduce new lines of code that were developed at different times or by different people.  The representation in the diagram helps to keep things organized and in logical order so that if there is a need to go back then we understand how to get there.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	
	The obvious Pro for doing it automatically is saving time, but it also reduces human error which can happen quite frequently when transcribing code manually.  The con is really just unexpected errors, which are usually the hardest and most time consuming to find.